The Messenger, Docs: Change links for the release (#1595)
ArchipelagoMW/Archipelago: worlds/messenger/docs/setup_en.md

1. Download and install Courier Mod Loader using the instructions on the release page
   * [Latest release is currently 0.7.1](https://github.com/Brokemia/Courier/releases)
2. Download and install the randomizer mod
   1. Download the latest TheMessengerRandomizerAP.zip from the
      [The Messenger Randomizer Mod AP releases page](https://github.com/alwaysintreble/TheMessengerRandomizerModAP/releases)
   2. Extract the zip file to `TheMessenger/Mods/` of your game's install location

>       * You can have both the non AP randomizer and the AP randomizer installed, but the AP randomizer is backwards
>         compatible, so it can be safely removed.

Reviewer: I think *it* is ambiguous here?
```suggestion
      * You can have both the non-AP randomizer and the AP randomizer installed at the same time, but the AP randomizer
        is backwards compatible, so the non-AP one can be safely removed.
```
